					Day-11
1.Memorable day in my life.
	
	The memorable day in my life was when I went to Tirupati with my family during my 2nd semester in the second year of B.Tech. It was my first train journey and also the first time I visited Tirupati. On that day, I was staying in my hostel. It was also the first time I traveled alone, I went to the railway station from my hostel by myself.
	At that railway station I was waiting for my family. After 15 minutes, they came. then we bought some snacks at the railway station and waited for the train. After 10 minutes, the train arrived. I was excited to travel by train. But unfortunately, it was nighttime, around at 8 PM, so i couldn't see anything from the train because I only saw darkness.
	The next day, early in the morning we reached Tirupati at around 4 AM. We traveled for one more hour in Tirupati by auto. After that, we stood in line for the darshan tickets. We spent 2 hours in that queue. After that, we went to a room, brushed our teeth,took a bath, and had our breakfast. 
	It was my first time visiting Tirupati, so we decided to climb the 7 hills through the steps. We started to climb the steps. In the first hour, we were very excited. After that, we gradually lost energy. We ate some snacks along the way. Finally at around 4 PM, we reached the 7 hills. After that, we went to another room, took our baths, and had dinner.
	After that, we went to the waiting area for darshan. In that place, all the members were waiting for darshan. Some people were sitting and talking to each other, and some people were sleeping. The time was around 10 PM. We also waited for 1 hour. After 1 hour, the police released all the members for darshan queue. Our family also stayed in that queue and walked through it.
	After a few hours, it was around 1 or 2 AM the next day, I don't remember exactly. At that time, I had lost all my energy, and i felt like falling because of a lack of sleep. Even in that situation, I stayed in the queue and drank water sometimes in the middle of the queue. I endured that situation, and after 2 hours, we saw the Venkateshwara swami at around 4 AM.
	When I saw Lord Venkateshwara, tears suddenly fell from my eyes. I don't know why that happened. After that, we took laddu prasadam and went to our room, and we slept.
	In the afternoon, we woke up and started our return journey to Srikalahasti by bus. In that bus, I sat in a window seat, but unfortunately, I vomited the food I had eaten yesterday's night. Anyway we reached Srikalahasti. we spent one day there, and the next day morning, we started our return journey.
	This was the most memorable day in my life. 
 